And to finish what I am going to do
is to reinforce the benefits of this
methodology that in many cases I
have already named, but I want
you to understand them well.
The first is the alignment
of the organization's strategic
goals with what everyone
does.
We will get people to work in the
right direction, because many times
it is not to work harder, it is this
that they say work smarter not
harder, it is not a matter of
working more, it is that it is
a matter of working better, of doing
things that bring value.
That is why we always say that being
able to prioritize permanently,
being able to focus on what is important
at the level of the organization
and at the level of the person
is what marks the difference between
an organization that goes like that
or one that goes more flat, because
the resources every day and every
day make the effort to prioritize
your time, your resources,
all that power you are orienting
to something that brings value.
The second of the advantages
is the great transparency
that OKR has.
Let us think of the usual systems,
for example, performance
management.
They are completely opaque.
Your bosses or managers do what
they do is set goals for
you, but to start with, when they
set goals for you, they have
no visibility for anything
else.
They sit with you and set you quarterly,
semi-annual, annual
goals, but no one knows anything
else.
Instead, this, OKR, is meant
to be super transparent, so
that everyone knows what
the CEO's goals are, the goals
of his colleagues, the goals
of the department.
And this helps in many ways.
For example, it helps employees
to be much more motivated
because they know how they contribute
to their work, their task, their
effort, and how they contribute
to the company's strategic goals.
Why am I here?
OKR helps a lot to understand
this.
Another advantage is that for
managers, for example, it is
much easier to set the
goals of the teams, it is easier
to manage the team, because you
have visibility of what are
the strategic goals of the
company, other departments, etc.
And, above all, because OKR, as
you have seen, is a super simple system.
We identify goals, identify
between 3 and 5 key results
and point.
Look how simple.
We will do it with each
member of the team.
It helps a lot, it is very simple and
very simple.
And this is a great advantage.
Another advantage is that it allows us
to the whole organization, thanks to
this simplicity and this transparency,
to make a permanent follow-
up of whether we are on the right
track or not.
It's much easier to identify if
we're not on the right track with
an OKR system than if we don't
have any.
Because if we don't have any, what
we have is disorganized information,
a lot of people, etc., and in
the end you don't know what's
going on.
With OKR you get quick
visibility of whether projects
are going well, if we
will strategic goals,
if we need to change
something, etc.
Another advantage, and it is
very related to the first, is
that the entire organization,
everyone, each of the people,
focus on goals, focus on benefits,
focus on value, not focus
on tasks.
We will stop measuring
productivity and based on what
you do.
If you do things that contribute
to the company's strategic goals,
well.
If not, what you are doing is
not worth it.
That probably many of the things
we all do in What Happens
is that, well, we're not aware.
If we constantly consider what
our OKRs are, what the goal is
and what the key results are,
we will devote more time to
reaching those key results
and not doing things that
have no value.
And lastly, the last of the
benefits or benefits is collaboration.
Better communication between teams
is generated because, related
to what was said about transparency,
all the work, the others and,
in many cases, the OKRs, as they
are shared by teams, you
are aligning people so that
they contribute to the same
goals and fostering collaboration.